Something to say
So cold
Everything you want is in there.
What did you promise me?
What's the hurry? Let me see.
Didn't Ye Chen want to be famous?
I'll help him.
I'm just curious
You shouldn't be able to do it so soon.
Gain his trust
It's his ego.
Undefended against me
I seduce a little
He couldn't wait to hide his modesty
Slept with me
You can talk to my secretary about investing at will
No, I want to be with you
Li Ruolan
Like I said, we're not the same kind of people
And I have someone I like now
Why don't you take the money I gave you?
Go be cool
I know.
I just want you to take me to the top floor of the Oriental Pearl
I'm not qualified to go in.
What were you doing there?